document close method and some other minor updates (#167)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/sdk/server-side-sdks/go.md

response, err := client.Track(user, event)
```

### Close

> You can close the Devcycle client to stop the SDK from polling for configs and stop it from flushing events on an interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can close the DevCycle client to stop the SDK from polling for configs and flushing events on an interval. Any pending events will be immediately flushed.
```
